Sample helm charts improvements (#27)
IBM/varnish-operator: docs/monitoring.md

After you have the [operator installed](installation.md), clone the repo and install the helm chart.

```bash
$ #install operator with monitoring enabled
$ helm install varnish-operator varnish-operator/varnish-operator --wait \
--set monitoring.grafanaDashboard.enabled=true \

> --set monitoring.grafanaDashboard.datasourceName="Prometheus-varnish-operator" \

Reviewer: Here you set it to `Prometheus-varnish-operator`, is it just an arbitrary name?

Author: it comes from [here](https://github.com/IBM/varnish-operator/blob/main/config/samples/helm-charts/varnish-operator-monitoring/templates/grafana-prometheus-datasource.yaml#L13). Since it's a doc about that sample, the values should match so the user can simply copy paste and run those commands.

### VarnishCluster with Monitoring Stack Example

> The repo has a Helm chart example that installs a simple backend with VarnishCluster to cache it amd Prometheus with Grafana configured to monitor it. The chart depends on the Prometheus operator so it has to be installed first. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repo has a Helm chart example that installs a simple backend and VarnishCluster to cache requests. Additionally, it installs Prometheus with a pre-configured Grafana instance to monitor it. This chart depends on the Prometheus operator so it must be installed first. 
```
